1. Why are you interested in programming? What have you done to expose yourself to programming so far?  

 I am so curious to learn about this thing that is a complete mystery to me and yet is all-pervasive in our world today.  I grew up using computers and am very comfortable with new technologies as a consumer generally but have little understanding of their inner workings.  I find it strange to not know the languages (i.e., the computer programming languages) that are at play every day of my life in what seems like every thing I do. I have tinkered with online coding instructionals (e.g., Codecademy.com), but without the discipline of a classroom environment I have not been able to get very far.  
 
2. What are your professional goals for the next 2 years, the next 5 years?  

 My goal is, upon completing this program, to get a job in technology.  Specifically, I would begin as an entry level computer programmer (whether focused in a front-end role or not is uncertain).  I see myself become well-versed in my role within two years and ready for a role managing the sorts of projects I would at that time have an expertise in.  Within five years I see myself honing these technical and managerial skills to do the same work but perhaps in industries outside of technology.  The legal industry is one such place I see myself combining my new skills with my previous education and experience.
 
3. Tell us about a time you made a mistake that you learned a lot from. If you encountered the situation again, what would you do differently?  

 For the birth of my first child I did not educate myself about childbirth.  I had an idea of how I wanted the birth to happen (natural), put all my decision-making power in others, and simply hoped for the plan to happen.  It didn't.  I had many nonmedically indicated medical interventions and ultimately ended up in an emergency Cesarean section.  I was happy to have a healthy baby and be healthy myself, but I was devastated that the birth was so drastically different from what I had hoped.  I realized, from that first experience, that I had made the mistake of not playing a strong and integral role in my own medical care.  For my second child, I read up on natural childbirth, spoke to medical professionals, and spoke to those in the natural birthing community.  I learned about things to do, both during the pregnancy and during labor, to increase my odds of a successful VBAC (vaginal birth after Cesarean). My second son was born vaginally and with no pain medication.  It was a success.  
 
4. Have you taught yourself anything before? Describe what you learned and how you approached it.  

 I love learning and hope to always be learning something new.  Of the things I now know because they were self-taught, the most tangible one is how to swim.  I did not learn to swim as a child and decided that it was a priority to learn as a mom of two (who takes her kids to the pool and beach!).  I tried taking a few private lessons and even one beginners class but did not get anywhere with it.  So for a period of about a month, I went to my gym's pool and practiced three to four times a week.  Before getting in the pool for that first "self-lesson" I looked up videos and tutorials online for tips on how adult beginning swimmers can more easily learn.  There were many tips and tricks, and I tried them all.  Some of them worked (practice with flippers) and some of them didn't (roll over after every few strokes).  At the end of that month I was able to swim the length of the pool.  My approach consisted of gathering information on how to learn to swim as an adult and then practicing with determined perseverance.
